[Music]
hey how's it going HUD here and this is
the review of the gigabyte saber 15 this
is not a particularly well known laptop
but it's in that thousand dollar gaming
laptop market and I think it's pretty
interesting
so this is one of the first laptops at
this price point that I've reviewed that
didn't have some kind of color accents
on it like there's no red there's no
orange it's all black inside and outside
there's still some edges and it's got a
bit of an angular design but there's
nothing obnoxious about this laptop I
like that the build quality on this
thing is decent it could be better the
top panel has a bit more flex on it like
chassis has some flex nothing out of the
ordinary the keyboard deck itself is
sturdy when you're typing and the hinge
also seems to be good as a whole it
doesn't feel delicate but I wouldn't
want to drop this laptop the other thing
is it's got a matte finish so
fingerprints show pretty readily on this
thing there's a good selection of ports
there's Ethernet three display outputs
an SD card slot four USB ports one of
them being 3.1 type-c and lastly some
audio jacks I don't like how the ports
on the right are clustered on the bottom
if you're right-handed and you're all
connected up it can get a little jungly
down there
I like the key word a lot part of it is
the backlighting the base model comes
with a white backlight the upgraded
models have RGB backlighting that's
controllable in three zones not
individually lit but it's a nice
spectrum to choose from and honestly
it's just nice to have options that
aren't red now I might be laying it a
little thick with the whole like I don't
like red thing but seriously every
single gaming laptop at this price point
has red on it this is so refreshing to
see ok the keyboard is also nice to type
on layout it isn't bad it has a two
millimeter stroke more than most laptop
keyboards but I don't know if it makes
that much of a difference mechanism
feels a little soft but I like it
overall the trackpad it's a plastic
surface feel smooth and because it uses
windows drivers the accuracy and gesture
controls are great it uses dedicated
physical buttons and I like them not
everyone likes physical buttons but they
do a good job when these ones the click
feels good and it's not too loud or
anything ok in terms of performance it's
your standard issue KB Lake i7 and GT x
1050 or 1050 Ti combo if you want to see
detailed benchmarks for this common
nation there's a link below but if you
get the 1050 TI it's a device that'll
get you really solid frame rates on most
triple-a titles light to moderate
demanding games like overwatch and doom
will break 60 frames per second on ultra
graphics heavier games like Battlefield
one will be in the mid to high 50s on
high graphics it still looks really good
though the heaviest games like watchdogs
to rise of the Tomb Raider witcher 3
those need the graphics to be on medium
to get really smooth frame rates but for
the price this is great performance the
screen is an IPS panel 1080p bezel arm
too thick viewing angles are also pretty
good it could get a little brighter
though this is just bright enough for me
at work and if you bring this outdoors
it'll be tough to see the screen color
gamut and accuracy aren't the best but
it's on par for a laptop at this price
point 720p webcam looks pretty average
opening the device up involves removing
a bunch of screws including some of the
battery area inside you can upgrade or
replace the RAM sticks they've included
one stick of 16 gigs and you also have
access to both drive bays the included
SSD in this unit uses a SATA interface
but it does support nvme drives the 47
watt hour battery is removable I'm
actually surprised at this impacts 47
watt hours it's not very big the obvious
advantage is that you can swap out
batteries if you purchase spares it
feels like something from the 1990s but
for the right user this can be super
useful battery life is short you're
looking at around three and a half four
hours of regular use with the screen at
max brightness playing games it's going
to be less than an hour
the single heat pipes that they use
aren't my favorite and for the GPU the
he needs to travel quite a bit before it
gets to the fins to cool down now when I
play games I don't notice any kind of
throttling I literally played four hours
of overwatch one night and it didn't
skip a beat but it gets hot GPU
temperatures in game can get to around
85 degrees but on extended stress tests
it's closer to 90 degrees external
temperatures are fine even the warmer
GPU doesn't make that part of the laptop
uncomfortable fan noise is moderately
controllable through their software with
performance mode fans kick in frequently
on idle it's noticeable but not too loud
and then on full load the fans get a bit
louder the speaker sound okay but
they're not in a great location they're
facing downwards onto the table and
audio clarity isn't
eight the volume gets reasonably loud
though okay the Sabre 15 its gigabytes
entry into that whole thousand dollar
gaming laptop market it has a plastic
build decent structural integrity but
the exterior feels a little less dirty
screen is about average for the price
points of a gaming laptop slightly more
color accurate but slightly dimmer the
keyboard is good the RGB backlighting is
particularly nice at this price trackpad
and buttons are also both pretty good
inside vkb like i7 and the gtx 1050 can
deliver really strong performance but
the thermal management on the GPU isn't
the best the RAM and the storage are
easily upgraded if you need and there's
a user swappable 47 watt hour battery
that'll give you a little less than 4
hours of battery life so with the saber
15 you're paying for a device that
doesn't have black and red which is a
win in my books but you're also getting
a device that doesn't have the best
thermal management or the best build
quality now if you're looking for a
device that has this type of look you
won't be disappointed with this I mean
you're not going to have the best
thermals but they're pretty good and I
think overall this device is a great
performing laptop hope you guys enjoyed
this video thumbs be liked it something
you loved it see you guys next time